README.md, before:

## Curated list of awesome resources for developers and enthusiasts.❤

**Any resource we missed out on?**

**What are you waiting for? Go ahead and raise a Pull Request and we'll merge it in no time (Conditions Apply 😁)**


| Link/Name                                      | Description                           |
|:----------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| https://formspree.io/                          | Best form builder on the internet   |
| https://cssgradient.io/gradient-backgrounds/   | Best CSS gradient collection  |
| https://www.manypixels.co/gallery/   | Free Vectors and illustrations.   |
| https://illlustrations.co/        | Free illustrations up for grabs  |
| https://undraw.co/   | Open-source illustrations for grabs   |
| https://illlustrations.co/   | Free illustrations up for grabs  |
| https://glyphy.io/        | Copy the Glyphs to Your Clipboard |
| http://thepatternlibrary.com/ |    Best pattern library    |
| https://www.flaticon.com/   | Library of icons.                     |
| https://feathericons.com/  | Open-source icons collection.         |
| https://materialdesignicons.com/  | Collection of material design icons   |
| https://thenounproject.com/    | Library of custom icons created by global community. |
| https://leungwensen.github.io/svg-icon/   | Collection of SVG icons. |
| http://svgicons.sparkk.fr/  | Library of SVG icons.   |
| https://placeit.net/   | Best website mockup placeholder |
| https://smartmockups.com/   | Another awesome website mockup placeholder |
| https://webcode.tools/   | Web code snippet generator |
| [https://medium.com/@dustin/stock-photos](https://medium.com/@dustin/stock-photos-that-dont-suck-62ae4bcbe01b) | Stock photos that dont suck |
| https://codepen.io/ | The best place to build, test, and discover front-end code.|
| https://codesandbox.io/ | An instant IDE on any device with a web browser. |
| https://jsfiddle.net/ | The best place to build, test, and discover front-end code in web browser |
| https://neumorphism.io/ | Generate Soft-UI CSS code |
| https://getwaves.io/ | Make some waves!|
| https://www.openpeeps.com/   | Get character specific illustrations. |
| https://getavataaars.com/    | Make your own avatar.  |
| https://coolors.co/palettes/trendi | Latest trending palletes.   |
| https://www.opendoodles.com/  | Free Vectors and illustrations.       |
| https://simpleicons.org/    | SVG icons of all popular brands..    |
| https://useanimations.com/#explore  | Animated icons  |
| https://svgporn.com/     | SVG icons of all popular brands |
| https://logohub.io/     | Make logo for your own project    |
| https://akveo.github.io/eva-icons/#/?type=fill | Library of icons.    |
| https://lukaszadam.com/illustrations  | Free illustrations..   |
| https://ikonate.com/    | Library of icons. |
| https://www.blobmaker.app/ | Organic SVG shapes for your next design |
| https://lottiefiles.com/ | SVG Animations for your designs |
|https://www.pexels.com/| The best free stock photos & videos shared by talented creators.|
|https://www.vecteezy.com/ | Free vector art, stock photos & videos. |
| https://graphicburger.com/ | Tasty design resources that are high resolution. |
| https://pixelbuddha.net/ | Premium design resources of the highest quality for professional community. |
| https://freebiesbug.com/ | Latest PSDs and other resources for free |
| https://www.urbanfonts.com/ | Awesome collection of free fonts |
| https://www.invisionapp.com/inside-design/design-resources/tethr/ | Best iOS design KIT ever |
| https://www.freepik.com/ | Huge collection of vectors and images for free |
| https://www.materialpalette.com/ | Generating color palette of your material design |
| http://www.flatuicolorpicker.com/ | Must have for Flat UI lover |
| https://coolors.co/ | Get the colors of your website done not just impressively but fast too |
| https://colorfulgradients.tumblr.com/ | Automatically generated color gradients for you |
| https://briangonzalez.github.io/jquery.adaptive-backgrounds.js/ | Extracts dominant color from image and applies it to parent background |
| https://www.webfx.com/web-design/hex-to-rgb/ | Instantly convert hex color to rgb |
| https://brandcolors.net/ | Colors used by famous brands |
| https://bootflat.github.io/color-picker.html | Awesome flat color generator |
| https://colorhunt.co/ | Infinity of color palettes |
| https://balsamiq.com/ | Rapid, Effective wireframe playground |
| https://wireframe.cc/ | Wireframes made easy |
| https://www.uxpin.com/ | Easy mockup design maker |
| https://sidebar.io/ | Collection of best design links everyday |
| https://niice.co/ | Design search engine for UI/UX lovers |
| https://www.webfx.com/tools/whats-my-browser-size/ | Find your browser size in an instant |
| https://html5boilerplate.com/ | Most popular frontend HTML template on the web |
| https://emberjs.com/ | A framework for ambitious web developers |
| http://coffeescript.org/#introduction | It’s just JavaScript, but a lot simpler |
| https://stylus-lang.com/ | Expressive, robust CSS |
| http://www.responsivepx.com/ | Find exact breakpoints of a website |
| http://brackets.io/ | A modern, open source text editor |
| http://ami.responsivedesign.is/ | Find out whether your site is responsive or not in an instant |
| http://www.responsinator.com/ | Mobile responsive website design checker |
| https://momentjs.com/ | Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates in JavaScript. |
| https://semantic-ui.com/ | Development framework to create beautiful, responsive layouts |
| https://materializecss.com/ | Modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design |
| http://milligram.github.io/ |  Minimalistic CSS framework, when gzipped it is just 2kb in size.|
| https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/ | Analyzes the content of a web page. |
| https://www.webpagetest.org/ | Free website speed test from multiple locations. |
| https://tools.keycdn.com/speed | Includes a waterfall breakdown and the website preview. |
| https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/ | Set of web authoring and debugging tools built into Google Chrome. |
| https://riot-optimizer.com/ | Image optimazation tool designed to efficiently optimize images for the web |
| https://kraken.io/web-interface | Robust, ultra-fast image optimizer and compressor with best-in-class algorithms |
| https://www.humaaans.com/ | Mix-&-match illustrations of people with a design library  |
| https://uispace.net/ | Search for high quality and hand-crafted freebies |
| https://error404.fun/ | Fun 404 illustrations |
| https://avataaars.com/ | Create avatar illustrations in Sketch App with this free library. |
| https://www.openpeeps.com/ | A hand-drawn illustration library. |
| https://www.opendoodles.com/ | A Free Set of Sketchy Illustrations |
| https://www.blackillustrations.com/ | Beautiful illustrations of black people for your next digital project |
| https://heroicons.dev/ | Free MIT-licensed high-quality SVG icons for you to use in your web projects. |
| https://uigradients.com/ | Collection of beautiful color gradients |
| https://www.remove.bg/ | Remove image background |

**P.S: Please ⭐ this repository or fork it if you appreciate my hard work**

<a href="https://github.com/sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources" />
</a>

### Stargazers over time

[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources.svg)](https://starchart.cc/sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources)

Commit message:

add ML5 and p5.js
libraries for creative coding and machine learning

README.md, after:

## Curated list of awesome resources for developers and enthusiasts.❤

**Any resource we missed out on?**

**What are you waiting for? Go ahead and raise a Pull Request and we'll merge it in no time (Conditions Apply 😁)**


| Link/Name                                      | Description                           |
|:----------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------------|
| https://formspree.io/                          | Best form builder on the internet   |
| https://cssgradient.io/gradient-backgrounds/   | Best CSS gradient collection  |
| https://www.manypixels.co/gallery/   | Free Vectors and illustrations.   |
| https://illlustrations.co/        | Free illustrations up for grabs  |
| https://undraw.co/   | Open-source illustrations for grabs   |
| https://illlustrations.co/   | Free illustrations up for grabs  |
| https://glyphy.io/        | Copy the Glyphs to Your Clipboard |
| http://thepatternlibrary.com/ |    Best pattern library    |
| https://www.flaticon.com/   | Library of icons.                     |
| https://feathericons.com/  | Open-source icons collection.         |
| https://materialdesignicons.com/  | Collection of material design icons   |
| https://thenounproject.com/    | Library of custom icons created by global community. |
| https://leungwensen.github.io/svg-icon/   | Collection of SVG icons. |
| http://svgicons.sparkk.fr/  | Library of SVG icons.   |
| https://placeit.net/   | Best website mockup placeholder |
| https://smartmockups.com/   | Another awesome website mockup placeholder |
| https://webcode.tools/   | Web code snippet generator |
| [https://medium.com/@dustin/stock-photos](https://medium.com/@dustin/stock-photos-that-dont-suck-62ae4bcbe01b) | Stock photos that dont suck |
| https://codepen.io/ | The best place to build, test, and discover front-end code.|
| https://codesandbox.io/ | An instant IDE on any device with a web browser. |
| https://jsfiddle.net/ | The best place to build, test, and discover front-end code in web browser |
| https://neumorphism.io/ | Generate Soft-UI CSS code |
| https://getwaves.io/ | Make some waves!|
| https://www.openpeeps.com/   | Get character specific illustrations. |
| https://getavataaars.com/    | Make your own avatar.  |
| https://coolors.co/palettes/trendi | Latest trending palletes.   |
| https://www.opendoodles.com/  | Free Vectors and illustrations.       |
| https://simpleicons.org/    | SVG icons of all popular brands..    |
| https://useanimations.com/#explore  | Animated icons  |
| https://svgporn.com/     | SVG icons of all popular brands |
| https://logohub.io/     | Make logo for your own project    |
| https://akveo.github.io/eva-icons/#/?type=fill | Library of icons.    |
| https://lukaszadam.com/illustrations  | Free illustrations..   |
| https://ikonate.com/    | Library of icons. |
| https://www.blobmaker.app/ | Organic SVG shapes for your next design |
| https://lottiefiles.com/ | SVG Animations for your designs |
|https://www.pexels.com/| The best free stock photos & videos shared by talented creators.|
|https://www.vecteezy.com/ | Free vector art, stock photos & videos. |
| https://graphicburger.com/ | Tasty design resources that are high resolution. |
| https://pixelbuddha.net/ | Premium design resources of the highest quality for professional community. |
| https://freebiesbug.com/ | Latest PSDs and other resources for free |
| https://www.urbanfonts.com/ | Awesome collection of free fonts |
| https://www.invisionapp.com/inside-design/design-resources/tethr/ | Best iOS design KIT ever |
| https://www.freepik.com/ | Huge collection of vectors and images for free |
| https://www.materialpalette.com/ | Generating color palette of your material design |
| http://www.flatuicolorpicker.com/ | Must have for Flat UI lover |
| https://coolors.co/ | Get the colors of your website done not just impressively but fast too |
| https://colorfulgradients.tumblr.com/ | Automatically generated color gradients for you |
| https://briangonzalez.github.io/jquery.adaptive-backgrounds.js/ | Extracts dominant color from image and applies it to parent background |
| https://www.webfx.com/web-design/hex-to-rgb/ | Instantly convert hex color to rgb |
| https://brandcolors.net/ | Colors used by famous brands |
| https://bootflat.github.io/color-picker.html | Awesome flat color generator |
| https://colorhunt.co/ | Infinity of color palettes |
| https://balsamiq.com/ | Rapid, Effective wireframe playground |
| https://wireframe.cc/ | Wireframes made easy |
| https://www.uxpin.com/ | Easy mockup design maker |
| https://sidebar.io/ | Collection of best design links everyday |
| https://niice.co/ | Design search engine for UI/UX lovers |
| https://www.webfx.com/tools/whats-my-browser-size/ | Find your browser size in an instant |
| https://html5boilerplate.com/ | Most popular frontend HTML template on the web |
| https://emberjs.com/ | A framework for ambitious web developers |
| http://coffeescript.org/#introduction | It’s just JavaScript, but a lot simpler |
| https://stylus-lang.com/ | Expressive, robust CSS |
| http://www.responsivepx.com/ | Find exact breakpoints of a website |
| http://brackets.io/ | A modern, open source text editor |
| http://ami.responsivedesign.is/ | Find out whether your site is responsive or not in an instant |
| http://www.responsinator.com/ | Mobile responsive website design checker |
| https://momentjs.com/ | Parse, validate, manipulate, and display dates in JavaScript. |
| https://semantic-ui.com/ | Development framework to create beautiful, responsive layouts |
| https://materializecss.com/ | Modern responsive front-end framework based on Material Design |
| http://milligram.github.io/ |  Minimalistic CSS framework, when gzipped it is just 2kb in size.|
| https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/ | Analyzes the content of a web page. |
| https://www.webpagetest.org/ | Free website speed test from multiple locations. |
| https://tools.keycdn.com/speed | Includes a waterfall breakdown and the website preview. |
| https://developers.google.com/web/tools/chrome-devtools/ | Set of web authoring and debugging tools built into Google Chrome. |
| https://riot-optimizer.com/ | Image optimazation tool designed to efficiently optimize images for the web |
| https://kraken.io/web-interface | Robust, ultra-fast image optimizer and compressor with best-in-class algorithms |
| https://www.humaaans.com/ | Mix-&-match illustrations of people with a design library  |
| https://uispace.net/ | Search for high quality and hand-crafted freebies |
| https://error404.fun/ | Fun 404 illustrations |
| https://avataaars.com/ | Create avatar illustrations in Sketch App with this free library. |
| https://www.openpeeps.com/ | A hand-drawn illustration library. |
| https://www.opendoodles.com/ | A Free Set of Sketchy Illustrations |
| https://www.blackillustrations.com/ | Beautiful illustrations of black people for your next digital project |
| https://heroicons.dev/ | Free MIT-licensed high-quality SVG icons for you to use in your web projects. |
| https://uigradients.com/ | Collection of beautiful color gradients |
| https://www.remove.bg/ | Remove image background |
| https://p5js.org/ |A JavaScript library for creative coding, with a focus on making coding accessible and inclusive for beginners|
|https://ml5js.org/| Friendly Machine Learning for Web |
**P.S: Please ⭐ this repository or fork it if you appreciate my hard work**

<a href="https://github.com/sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources" />
</a>

### Stargazers over time

[![Stargazers over time](https://starchart.cc/sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources.svg)](https://starchart.cc/sandip2224/Best-Web-Development-Resources)
